.nh
.TH "GH-ATTESTATION-TRUSTED-ROOT" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-attestation-trusted-root - Output trusted_root.jsonl contents, likely for offline verification


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh attestation trusted-root [--tuf-url <url> --tuf-root <file-path>] [--verify-only] [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
.SS NOTE: This feature is currently in public preview, and subject to change.
Output contents for a trusted_root.jsonl file, likely for offline verification.

.PP
When using \fBgh attestation verify\fR, if your machine is on the internet,
this will happen automatically. But to do offline verification, you need to
supply a trusted root file with \fB--custom-trusted-root\fR; this command
will help you fetch a \fBtrusted_root.jsonl\fR file for that purpose.

.PP
You can call this command without any flags to get a trusted root file covering
the Sigstore Public Good Instance as well as GitHub's Sigstore instance.

.PP
Otherwise you can use \fB--tuf-url\fR to specify the URL of a custom TUF
repository mirror, and \fB--tuf-root\fR should be the path to the
\fBroot.json\fR file that you securely obtained out-of-band.

.PP
If you just want to verify the integrity of your local TUF repository, and don't
want the contents of a trusted_root.jsonl file, use \fB--verify-only\fR\&.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--hostname\fR \fB<string>\fR
Configure host to use

.TP
\fB--tuf-root\fR \fB<string>\fR
Path to the TUF root.json file on disk

.TP
\fB--tuf-url\fR \fB<string>\fR
URL to the TUF repository mirror

.TP
\fB--verify-only\fR
Don't output trusted_root.jsonl contents


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# Get a trusted_root.jsonl for both Sigstore Public Good and GitHub's instance
$ gh attestation trusted-root

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-attestation(1)\fR
