.nh
.TH "GH-ALIAS-SET" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-alias-set - Create a shortcut for a gh command


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh alias set <alias> <expansion> [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Define a word that will expand to a full gh command when invoked.

.PP
The expansion may specify additional arguments and flags. If the expansion includes
positional placeholders such as \fB$1\fR, extra arguments that follow the alias will be
inserted appropriately. Otherwise, extra arguments will be appended to the expanded
command.

.PP
Use \fB-\fR as expansion argument to read the expansion string from standard input. This
is useful to avoid quoting issues when defining expansions.

.PP
If the expansion starts with \fB!\fR or if \fB--shell\fR was given, the expansion is a shell
expression that will be evaluated through the \fBsh\fR interpreter when the alias is
invoked. This allows for chaining multiple commands via piping and redirection.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--clobber\fR
Overwrite existing aliases of the same name

.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--shell\fR
Declare an alias to be passed through a shell interpreter


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# Note: Command Prompt on Windows requires using double quotes for arguments
$ gh alias set pv 'pr view'
$ gh pv -w 123  #=> gh pr view -w 123

$ gh alias set bugs 'issue list --label=bugs'
$ gh bugs

$ gh alias set homework 'issue list --assignee @me'
$ gh homework

$ gh alias set 'issue mine' 'issue list --mention @me'
$ gh issue mine

$ gh alias set epicsBy 'issue list --author="$1" --label="epic"'
$ gh epicsBy vilmibm  #=> gh issue list --author="vilmibm" --label="epic"

$ gh alias set --shell igrep 'gh issue list --label="$1" | grep "$2"'
$ gh igrep epic foo  #=> gh issue list --label="epic" | grep "foo"

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-alias(1)\fR
