.nh
.TH "GH-CODESPACE-SSH" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-codespace-ssh - SSH into a codespace


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh codespace ssh [<flags>...] [-- <ssh-flags>...] [<command>]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBssh\fR command is used to SSH into a codespace. In its simplest form, you can
run \fBgh cs ssh\fR, select a codespace interactively, and connect.

.PP
The \fBssh\fR command will automatically create a public/private ssh key pair in the
\fB~/.ssh\fR directory if you do not have an existing valid key pair. When selecting the
key pair to use, the preferred order is:
.IP "  1." 5
Key specified by \fB-i\fR in \fB<ssh-flags>\fR
.IP "  2." 5
Automatic key, if it already exists
.IP "  3." 5
First valid key pair in ssh config (according to \fBssh -G\fR)
.IP "  4." 5
Automatic key, newly created

.PP
The \fBssh\fR command also supports deeper integration with OpenSSH using a \fB--config\fR
option that generates per-codespace ssh configuration in OpenSSH format.
Including this configuration in your \fB~/.ssh/config\fR improves the user experience
of tools that integrate with OpenSSH, such as Bash/Zsh completion of ssh hostnames,
remote path completion for \fBscp/rsync/sshfs\fR, \fBgit\fR ssh remotes, and so on.

.PP
Once that is set up (see the second example below), you can ssh to codespaces as
if they were ordinary remote hosts (using \fBssh\fR, not \fBgh cs ssh\fR).

.PP
Note that the codespace you are connecting to must have an SSH server pre-installed.
If the docker image being used for the codespace does not have an SSH server,
install it in your \fBDockerfile\fR or, for codespaces that use Debian-based images,
you can add the following to your \fBdevcontainer.json\fR:

.EX
"features": {
	"ghcr.io/devcontainers/features/sshd:1": {
		"version": "latest"
	}
}
.EE


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-c\fR, \fB--codespace\fR \fB<string>\fR
Name of the codespace

.TP
\fB--config\fR
Write OpenSSH configuration to stdout

.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--debug\fR
Log debug data to a file

.TP
\fB--debug-file\fR \fB<string>\fR
Path of the file log to

.TP
\fB--profile\fR \fB<string>\fR
Name of the SSH profile to use

.TP
\fB-R\fR, \fB--repo\fR \fB<string>\fR
Filter codespace selection by repository name (user/repo)

.TP
\fB--repo-owner\fR \fB<string>\fR
Filter codespace selection by repository owner (username or org)

.TP
\fB--server-port\fR \fB<int> (default 0)\fR
SSH server port number (0 => pick unused)


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
$ gh codespace ssh

$ gh codespace ssh --config > ~/.ssh/codespaces
$ printf 'Match all\\nInclude ~/.ssh/codespaces\\n' >> ~/.ssh/config

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-codespace(1)\fR
