.nh
.TH "GH-COMPLETION" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-completion - Generate shell completion scripts


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh completion -s <shell>\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Generate shell completion scripts for GitHub CLI commands.

.PP
When installing GitHub CLI through a package manager, it's possible that
no additional shell configuration is necessary to gain completion support. For
Homebrew, see 
\[la]https://docs.brew.sh/Shell\-Completion\[ra]

.PP
If you need to set up completions manually, follow the instructions below. The exact
config file locations might vary based on your system. Make sure to restart your
shell before testing whether completions are working.

.SS bash
First, ensure that you install \fBbash-completion\fR using your package manager.

.PP
After, add this to your \fB~/.bash_profile\fR:

.EX
eval "$(gh completion -s bash)"
.EE

.SS zsh
Generate a \fB_gh\fR completion script and put it somewhere in your \fB$fpath\fR:

.EX
gh completion -s zsh > /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions/_gh
.EE

.PP
Ensure that the following is present in your \fB~/.zshrc\fR:

.EX
autoload -U compinit
compinit -i
.EE

.PP
Zsh version 5.7 or later is recommended.

.SS fish
Generate a \fBgh.fish\fR completion script:

.EX
gh completion -s fish > ~/.config/fish/completions/gh.fish
.EE

.SS PowerShell
Open your profile script with:

.EX
mkdir -Path (Split-Path -Parent $profile) -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue
notepad $profile
.EE

.PP
Add the line and save the file:

.EX
Invoke-Expression -Command $(gh completion -s powershell | Out-String)
.EE


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--shell\fR \fB<string>\fR
Shell type: {bash|zsh|fish|powershell}


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh(1)\fR
