.nh
.TH "GH-EXTENSION-SEARCH" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-extension-search - Search extensions to the GitHub CLI


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh extension search [<query>] [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Search for gh extensions.

.PP
With no arguments, this command prints out the first 30 extensions
available to install sorted by number of stars. More extensions can
be fetched by specifying a higher limit with the \fB--limit\fR flag.

.PP
When connected to a terminal, this command prints out three columns.
The first has a ✓ if the extension is already installed locally. The
second is the full name of the extension repository in \fBOWNER/REPO\fR
format. The third is the extension's description.

.PP
When not connected to a terminal, the ✓ character is rendered as the
word "installed" but otherwise the order and content of the columns
are the same.

.PP
This command behaves similarly to \fBgh search repos\fR but does not
support as many search qualifiers. For a finer grained search of
extensions, try using:

.EX
gh search repos --topic "gh-extension"
.EE

.PP
and adding qualifiers as needed. See \fBgh help search repos\fR to learn
more about repository search.

.PP
For listing just the extensions that are already installed locally,
see:

.EX
gh ext list
.EE


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-q\fR, \fB--jq\fR \fB<expression>\fR
Filter JSON output using a jq expression

.TP
\fB--json\fR \fB<fields>\fR
Output JSON with the specified fields

.TP
\fB--license\fR \fB<strings>\fR
Filter based on license type

.TP
\fB-L\fR, \fB--limit\fR \fB<int> (default 30)\fR
Maximum number of extensions to fetch

.TP
\fB--order\fR \fB<string> (default "desc")\fR
Order of repositories returned, ignored unless '--sort' flag is specified: {asc|desc}

.TP
\fB--owner\fR \fB<strings>\fR
Filter on owner

.TP
\fB--sort\fR \fB<string> (default "best-match")\fR
Sort fetched repositories: {forks|help-wanted-issues|stars|updated}

.TP
\fB-t\fR, \fB--template\fR \fB<string>\fR
Format JSON output using a Go template; see "gh help formatting"

.TP
\fB-w\fR, \fB--web\fR
Open the search query in the web browser


.SH JSON FIELDS
\fBcreatedAt\fR, \fBdefaultBranch\fR, \fBdescription\fR, \fBforksCount\fR, \fBfullName\fR, \fBhasDownloads\fR, \fBhasIssues\fR, \fBhasPages\fR, \fBhasProjects\fR, \fBhasWiki\fR, \fBhomepage\fR, \fBid\fR, \fBisArchived\fR, \fBisDisabled\fR, \fBisFork\fR, \fBisPrivate\fR, \fBlanguage\fR, \fBlicense\fR, \fBname\fR, \fBopenIssuesCount\fR, \fBowner\fR, \fBpushedAt\fR, \fBsize\fR, \fBstargazersCount\fR, \fBupdatedAt\fR, \fBurl\fR, \fBvisibility\fR, \fBwatchersCount\fR


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# List the first 30 extensions sorted by star count, descending
$ gh ext search

# List more extensions
$ gh ext search --limit 300

# List extensions matching the term "branch"
$ gh ext search branch

# List extensions owned by organization "github"
$ gh ext search --owner github

# List extensions, sorting by recently updated, ascending
$ gh ext search --sort updated --order asc

# List extensions, filtering by license
$ gh ext search --license MIT

# Open search results in the browser
$ gh ext search -w

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-extension(1)\fR
