.nh
.TH "GH-EXTENSION" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-extension - Manage gh extensions


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh extension [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
GitHub CLI extensions are repositories that provide additional gh commands.

.PP
The name of the extension repository must start with \fBgh-\fR and it must contain an
executable of the same name. All arguments passed to the \fBgh <extname>\fR invocation
will be forwarded to the \fBgh-<extname>\fR executable of the extension.

.PP
An extension cannot override any of the core gh commands. If an extension name conflicts
with a core gh command, you can use \fBgh extension exec <extname>\fR\&.

.PP
When an extension is executed, gh will check for new versions once every 24 hours and display
an upgrade notice. See \fBgh help environment\fR for information on disabling extension notices.

.PP
For the list of available extensions, see 
\[la]https://github.com/topics/gh\-extension\[ra]\&.


.SH AVAILABLE COMMANDS
.TP
\fBgh-extension-browse(1)\fR
Enter a UI for browsing, adding, and removing extensions

.TP
\fBgh-extension-create(1)\fR
Create a new extension

.TP
\fBgh-extension-exec(1)\fR
Execute an installed extension

.TP
\fBgh-extension-install(1)\fR
Install a gh extension from a repository

.TP
\fBgh-extension-list(1)\fR
List installed extension commands

.TP
\fBgh-extension-remove(1)\fR
Remove an installed extension

.TP
\fBgh-extension-search(1)\fR
Search extensions to the GitHub CLI

.TP
\fBgh-extension-upgrade(1)\fR
Upgrade installed extensions


.SH ALIASES
gh extensions, gh ext


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh(1)\fR
