.nh
.TH "GH-LABEL-CLONE" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-label-clone - Clones labels from one repository to another


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh label clone <source-repository> [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Clones labels from a source repository to a destination repository on GitHub.
By default, the destination repository is the current repository.

.PP
All labels from the source repository will be copied to the destination
repository. Labels in the destination repository that are not in the source
repository will not be deleted or modified.

.PP
Labels from the source repository that already exist in the destination
repository will be skipped. You can overwrite existing labels in the
destination repository using the \fB--force\fR flag.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--force\fR
Overwrite labels in the destination repository


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.TP
\fB-R\fR, \fB--repo\fR \fB<[HOST/]OWNER/REPO>\fR
Select another repository using the [HOST/]OWNER/REPO format


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# Clone and overwrite labels from cli/cli repository into the current repository
$ gh label clone cli/cli --force

# Clone labels from cli/cli repository into a octocat/cli repository
$ gh label clone cli/cli --repo octocat/cli

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-label(1)\fR
