.nh
.TH "GH-PR-CREATE" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-pr-create - Create a pull request


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh pr create [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Create a pull request on GitHub.

.PP
Upon success, the URL of the created pull request will be printed.

.PP
When the current branch isn't fully pushed to a git remote, a prompt will ask where
to push the branch and offer an option to fork the base repository. Use \fB--head\fR to
explicitly skip any forking or pushing behavior.

.PP
\fB--head\fR supports \fB<user>:<branch>\fR syntax to select a head repo owned by \fB<user>\fR\&.
Using an organization as the \fB<user>\fR is currently not supported.
For more information, see 
\[la]https://github.com/cli/cli/issues/10093\[ra]

.PP
A prompt will also ask for the title and the body of the pull request. Use \fB--title\fR and
\fB--body\fR to skip this, or use \fB--fill\fR to autofill these values from git commits.
It's important to notice that if the \fB--title\fR and/or \fB--body\fR are also provided
alongside \fB--fill\fR, the values specified by \fB--title\fR and/or \fB--body\fR will
take precedence and overwrite any autofilled content.

.PP
The base branch for the created PR can be specified using the \fB--base\fR flag. If not provided,
the value of \fBgh-merge-base\fR git branch config will be used. If not configured, the repository's
default branch will be used. Run \fBgit config branch.{current}.gh-merge-base {base}\fR to configure
the current branch to use the specified merge base.

.PP
Link an issue to the pull request by referencing the issue in the body of the pull
request. If the body text mentions \fBFixes #123\fR or \fBCloses #123\fR, the referenced issue
will automatically get closed when the pull request gets merged.

.PP
By default, users with write access to the base repository can push new commits to the
head branch of the pull request. Disable this with \fB--no-maintainer-edit\fR\&.

.PP
Adding a pull request to projects requires authorization with the \fBproject\fR scope.
To authorize, run \fBgh auth refresh -s project\fR\&.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-a\fR, \fB--assignee\fR \fB<login>\fR
Assign people by their login. Use "@me" to self-assign.

.TP
\fB-B\fR, \fB--base\fR \fB<branch>\fR
The branch into which you want your code merged

.TP
\fB-b\fR, \fB--body\fR \fB<string>\fR
Body for the pull request

.TP
\fB-F\fR, \fB--body-file\fR \fB<file>\fR
Read body text from file (use "-" to read from standard input)

.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--draft\fR
Mark pull request as a draft

.TP
\fB--dry-run\fR
Print details instead of creating the PR. May still push git changes.

.TP
\fB-e\fR, \fB--editor\fR
Skip prompts and open the text editor to write the title and body in. The first line is the title and the remaining text is the body.

.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--fill\fR
Use commit info for title and body

.TP
\fB--fill-first\fR
Use first commit info for title and body

.TP
\fB--fill-verbose\fR
Use commits msg+body for description

.TP
\fB-H\fR, \fB--head\fR \fB<branch>\fR
The branch that contains commits for your pull request (default [current branch])

.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB--label\fR \fB<name>\fR
Add labels by name

.TP
\fB-m\fR, \fB--milestone\fR \fB<name>\fR
Add the pull request to a milestone by name

.TP
\fB--no-maintainer-edit\fR
Disable maintainer's ability to modify pull request

.TP
\fB-p\fR, \fB--project\fR \fB<title>\fR
Add the pull request to projects by title

.TP
\fB--recover\fR \fB<string>\fR
Recover input from a failed run of create

.TP
\fB-r\fR, \fB--reviewer\fR \fB<handle>\fR
Request reviews from people or teams by their handle

.TP
\fB-T\fR, \fB--template\fR \fB<file>\fR
Template file to use as starting body text

.TP
\fB-t\fR, \fB--title\fR \fB<string>\fR
Title for the pull request

.TP
\fB-w\fR, \fB--web\fR
Open the web browser to create a pull request


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.TP
\fB-R\fR, \fB--repo\fR \fB<[HOST/]OWNER/REPO>\fR
Select another repository using the [HOST/]OWNER/REPO format


.SH ALIASES
gh pr new


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
$ gh pr create --title "The bug is fixed" --body "Everything works again"
$ gh pr create --reviewer monalisa,hubot  --reviewer myorg/team-name
$ gh pr create --project "Roadmap"
$ gh pr create --base develop --head monalisa:feature
$ gh pr create --template "pull_request_template.md"

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-pr(1)\fR
