.nh
.TH "GH-PR-EDIT" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-pr-edit - Edit a pull request


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh pr edit [<number> | <url> | <branch>] [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Edit a pull request.

.PP
Without an argument, the pull request that belongs to the current branch
is selected.

.PP
Editing a pull request's projects requires authorization with the \fBproject\fR scope.
To authorize, run \fBgh auth refresh -s project\fR\&.

.PP
The \fB--add-assignee\fR and \fB--remove-assignee\fR flags both support
the following special values:
- \fB@me\fR: assign or unassign yourself
- \fB@copilot\fR: assign or unassign Copilot (not supported on GitHub Enterprise Server)

.PP
The \fB--add-reviewer\fR and \fB--remove-reviewer\fR flags do not support
these special values.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--add-assignee\fR \fB<login>\fR
Add assigned users by their login. Use "@me" to assign yourself, or "@copilot" to assign Copilot.

.TP
\fB--add-label\fR \fB<name>\fR
Add labels by name

.TP
\fB--add-project\fR \fB<title>\fR
Add the pull request to projects by title

.TP
\fB--add-reviewer\fR \fB<login>\fR
Add reviewers by their login.

.TP
\fB-B\fR, \fB--base\fR \fB<branch>\fR
Change the base branch for this pull request

.TP
\fB-b\fR, \fB--body\fR \fB<string>\fR
Set the new body.

.TP
\fB-F\fR, \fB--body-file\fR \fB<file>\fR
Read body text from file (use "-" to read from standard input)

.TP
\fB-m\fR, \fB--milestone\fR \fB<name>\fR
Edit the milestone the pull request belongs to by name

.TP
\fB--remove-assignee\fR \fB<login>\fR
Remove assigned users by their login. Use "@me" to unassign yourself, or "@copilot" to unassign Copilot.

.TP
\fB--remove-label\fR \fB<name>\fR
Remove labels by name

.TP
\fB--remove-milestone\fR
Remove the milestone association from the pull request

.TP
\fB--remove-project\fR \fB<title>\fR
Remove the pull request from projects by title

.TP
\fB--remove-reviewer\fR \fB<login>\fR
Remove reviewers by their login.

.TP
\fB-t\fR, \fB--title\fR \fB<string>\fR
Set the new title.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.TP
\fB-R\fR, \fB--repo\fR \fB<[HOST/]OWNER/REPO>\fR
Select another repository using the [HOST/]OWNER/REPO format


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
$ gh pr edit 23 --title "I found a bug" --body "Nothing works"
$ gh pr edit 23 --add-label "bug,help wanted" --remove-label "core"
$ gh pr edit 23 --add-reviewer monalisa,hubot  --remove-reviewer myorg/team-name
$ gh pr edit 23 --add-assignee "@me" --remove-assignee monalisa,hubot
$ gh pr edit 23 --add-assignee "@copilot"
$ gh pr edit 23 --add-project "Roadmap" --remove-project v1,v2
$ gh pr edit 23 --milestone "Version 1"
$ gh pr edit 23 --remove-milestone

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-pr(1)\fR
