.nh
.TH "GH-PR-MERGE" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-pr-merge - Merge a pull request


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh pr merge [<number> | <url> | <branch>] [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Merge a pull request on GitHub.

.PP
Without an argument, the pull request that belongs to the current branch
is selected.

.PP
When targeting a branch that requires a merge queue, no merge strategy is required.
If required checks have not yet passed, auto-merge will be enabled.
If required checks have passed, the pull request will be added to the merge queue.
To bypass a merge queue and merge directly, pass the \fB--admin\fR flag.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--admin\fR
Use administrator privileges to merge a pull request that does not meet requirements

.TP
\fB-A\fR, \fB--author-email\fR \fB<text>\fR
Email text for merge commit author

.TP
\fB--auto\fR
Automatically merge only after necessary requirements are met

.TP
\fB-b\fR, \fB--body\fR \fB<text>\fR
Body text for the merge commit

.TP
\fB-F\fR, \fB--body-file\fR \fB<file>\fR
Read body text from file (use "-" to read from standard input)

.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--delete-branch\fR
Delete the local and remote branch after merge

.TP
\fB--disable-auto\fR
Disable auto-merge for this pull request

.TP
\fB--match-head-commit\fR \fB<SHA>\fR
Commit SHA that the pull request head must match to allow merge

.TP
\fB-m\fR, \fB--merge\fR
Merge the commits with the base branch

.TP
\fB-r\fR, \fB--rebase\fR
Rebase the commits onto the base branch

.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--squash\fR
Squash the commits into one commit and merge it into the base branch

.TP
\fB-t\fR, \fB--subject\fR \fB<text>\fR
Subject text for the merge commit


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.TP
\fB-R\fR, \fB--repo\fR \fB<[HOST/]OWNER/REPO>\fR
Select another repository using the [HOST/]OWNER/REPO format


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-pr(1)\fR
