.nh
.TH "GH-RUN-VIEW" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-run-view - View a summary of a workflow run


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh run view [<run-id>] [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
View a summary of a workflow run.

.PP
Due to platform limitations, \fBgh\fR may not always be able to associate jobs with their
corresponding logs when using the primary method of fetching logs in zip format.

.PP
In such cases, \fBgh\fR will attempt to fetch logs for each job individually via the API.
This fallback is slower and more resource-intensive. If more than 25 job logs are missing,
the operation will fail with an error.

.PP
Additionally, due to similar platform constraints, some log lines may not be
associated with a specific step within a job. In these cases, the step name will
appear as \fBUNKNOWN STEP\fR in the log output.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-a\fR, \fB--attempt\fR \fB<uint> (default 0)\fR
The attempt number of the workflow run

.TP
\fB--exit-status\fR
Exit with non-zero status if run failed

.TP
\fB-j\fR, \fB--job\fR \fB<string>\fR
View a specific job ID from a run

.TP
\fB-q\fR, \fB--jq\fR \fB<expression>\fR
Filter JSON output using a jq expression

.TP
\fB--json\fR \fB<fields>\fR
Output JSON with the specified fields

.TP
\fB--log\fR
View full log for either a run or specific job

.TP
\fB--log-failed\fR
View the log for any failed steps in a run or specific job

.TP
\fB-t\fR, \fB--template\fR \fB<string>\fR
Format JSON output using a Go template; see "gh help formatting"

.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB--verbose\fR
Show job steps

.TP
\fB-w\fR, \fB--web\fR
Open run in the browser


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.TP
\fB-R\fR, \fB--repo\fR \fB<[HOST/]OWNER/REPO>\fR
Select another repository using the [HOST/]OWNER/REPO format


.SH JSON FIELDS
\fBattempt\fR, \fBconclusion\fR, \fBcreatedAt\fR, \fBdatabaseId\fR, \fBdisplayTitle\fR, \fBevent\fR, \fBheadBranch\fR, \fBheadSha\fR, \fBjobs\fR, \fBname\fR, \fBnumber\fR, \fBstartedAt\fR, \fBstatus\fR, \fBupdatedAt\fR, \fBurl\fR, \fBworkflowDatabaseId\fR, \fBworkflowName\fR


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# Interactively select a run to view, optionally selecting a single job
$ gh run view

# View a specific run
$ gh run view 12345

# View a specific run with specific attempt number
$ gh run view 12345 --attempt 3

# View a specific job within a run
$ gh run view --job 456789

# View the full log for a specific job
$ gh run view --log --job 456789

# Exit non-zero if a run failed
$ gh run view 0451 --exit-status && echo "run pending or passed"

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-run(1)\fR
