.nh
.TH "GH-REPO-AUTOLINK-CREATE" "1" "Jul 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.76.2" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-repo-autolink-create - Create a new autolink reference


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh repo autolink create <keyPrefix> <urlTemplate> [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Create a new autolink reference for a repository.

.PP
The \fBkeyPrefix\fR argument specifies the prefix that will generate a link when it is appended by certain characters.

.PP
The \fBurlTemplate\fR argument specifies the target URL that will be generated when the keyPrefix is found, which
must contain \fB<num>\fR variable for the reference number.

.PP
By default, autolinks are alphanumeric with \fB--numeric\fR flag used to create a numeric autolink.

.PP
The \fB<num>\fR variable behavior differs depending on whether the autolink is alphanumeric or numeric:
.IP \(bu 2
alphanumeric: matches \fBA-Z\fR (case insensitive), \fB0-9\fR, and \fB-\fR
.IP \(bu 2
numeric: matches \fB0-9\fR

.PP
If the template contains multiple instances of \fB<num>\fR, only the first will be replaced.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-n\fR, \fB--numeric\fR
Mark autolink as numeric


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.TP
\fB-R\fR, \fB--repo\fR \fB<[HOST/]OWNER/REPO>\fR
Select another repository using the [HOST/]OWNER/REPO format


.SH ALIASES
gh repo autolink new


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# Create an alphanumeric autolink to example.com for the key prefix "TICKET-".
# Generates https://example.com/TICKET?query=123abc from "TICKET-123abc".
$ gh repo autolink create TICKET- "https://example.com/TICKET?query=<num>"

# Create a numeric autolink to example.com for the key prefix "STORY-".
# Generates https://example.com/STORY?id=123 from "STORY-123".
$ gh repo autolink create STORY- "https://example.com/STORY?id=<num>" --numeric

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-repo-autolink(1)\fR
